in a foreign country do not arbitrarily
communicate with strange men
there are two girls under 20 years old
from california they went to paris to
travel
as soon as they got off the plane they
met a man he said that he wanted to take
pictures of the two girls
he said the price of the taxi there was
very expensive so he wanted to share the
taxi with the two girls
amanda and kim agree since peter's house
was quite far away
they went to the two girls hotel first
amanda has feelings for peter because of
his look
she told peter every detail of where she
was but a few hours later
several men broke into the apartment and
arrested her kim was talking to her
father at the time
so she avoided this kim prayed to her
father for help
brian immediately took out a toolbox he
connected the speakers to the recorders
brian told her to tell him what happened
and hide under the bed
brian also told his daughter to throw
the phone on the ground and describe the
kidnapper when they came for her
as the father just finished speaking the
others have arrived
beard 1m82 moon and star tattoos on the
right hand
hearing his daughter's screams brian was
very worried suddenly there was no more
girl's voice
he knew that the kidnappers would pick
up the phone so he intimidated them and
i will kill you
good luck brian is an outstanding
retired special agent
after his daughter was taken away brian
found his former comrade and asked for
his help
brian sent the recording to him not long
after brian received the results
it is a group of traffickers and thugs
from albania they were currently in
paris and trafficking in women they use
all kinds of cruel ways to force them
into prostitutes
according to their way of doing business
brian only has 96 hours to save his
daughter
after that he would never see her again
he called kim's stepfather to get a
private plane to paris
after arriving there he only had 80
hours left to find the kidnappers
brian did not call the police he looked
for clues by himself
he found a bit of evidence where they
disappeared but those kidnappers were
very cunning
they leave nothing behind his daughter's
phone was also trampled by them
fortunately the memory card still exists
brian watched it carefully over and over
again
inside the photo gallery he saw a
reflection of the man they met at first
peter was at the airport at that moment
to trick the other women he just fooled
one to get in the car
with him tried where were the two
american girls yesterday
i do not know ryan punched peter in the
stomach peter was in so much pain that
he could not breathe
then brian was dragged out by his
comrades brian quickly knocked them out
but when brian returned peter ran away
brian drove after peter
peter jumped off the bridge unexpectedly
when peter landed on the ground
he was hit by a car brian has to think
of a new way
he asked for the help of a former
colleague right now the traffickers have
more than a few hundred members
he told brian their locations are in the
red light district
that night brian went there he did not
stop harassing a girl
the boss of that girl was angry while
they struggled brian stealthily
installed the wiretapping device on that
boss
brian finds a translator to translate
the man's conversation with his
accomplices
after knowing the location of their base
he hurried over there
so
are the clothes that kim gave her she
told brian the lair of the traffickers
soon he found it he went inside alone he
knew that for such a large organization
they certainly had some official
involved he took out the business card
of his teammate as deputy
director and asked to meet the leader
marco they agree next
brian was taken into a room with a lot
of bodyguards there was only one path
inside
in the room on the top floor are the
five leaders as soon as he entered the
room
he asked the leaders to make him a
coffee his morale overwhelms them
negotiate the race we already negotiated
the rate with mr mcconnell
mr mcconnell has moved to another
division brian says firmly that there
are satellites monitoring their
movements every day
the traffickers were so frightened that
they could not believe it they
immediately gave the money to brian
brian took out a piece of paper and
asked a leader from earlier to translate
this sentence for him
he translated good luck that voice was
the voice of the kidnapper
brian has heard this voice over and over
again brian knew that the one who
kidnapped his daughter was in front of
him
he looked around the room and determined
the positions of each person
you forgot me two days ago i said i will
find you
ryan grabbed a gun and destroyed each of
them after killing them all
he went upstairs to find his daughter
but he only found a friend of his
daughter
but this girl had stopped breathing he
was very angry
brian tortured marcus forced him to
speak out about the location of his
daughter
at first marco didn't say anything but
after a few hits
marco painfully spoke the truth it turns
out his daughter was sold to an
auctioneer
brian left before he left brian turned
on the power switch to kill the other
man
brian sneaked into the place where the
secret auction was located
only those with money are bidding on
women here the last item was his
daughter
brian immediately took a gun to threaten
the rich man next to him
forcing him to buy back his daughter he
obeyed but just as he went out of the
door
brian was knocked unconscious when he
woke up his hands were handcuffed and
hung up
a group of people looked at him the
auctioneer asked what are you here for
that girl is my daughter said brian the
guy said that the sold goods cannot be
returned
then he told his subordinates to take
care of brian and left
they wanted to strangle him to death but
brian was so tough he destroyed them all
he found the other guy brian was enraged
he shot three times into the guy's limbs
he came out to tell brian that his
daughter was on a boat at the river dock
brian shot and killed him
he immediately reached the dock and
jumped onto the boat brian killed each
and every guard in a fierce gunfight
but when he found his daughter he saw
that his daughter was being threatened
by a rich man with a knife
brian shot him in the house brian ended
their crime the daughter was finally
saved
kim hugged her father and cried brian
consoled her i told you
i'll save you